Brother, you're here.
Dear, my body can't see.
I usually do it seven times a night.
Now would rather pee wet shoes
All right.
I'm here today.
Your family's mental illness will surely be resolved.
Face it.
I don't feel like there's much hope.
I've invited a lot of masters this day, and it's not working.
One of them threw up blood in the hospital.
Otherwise, the old man wouldn't have spent a billion dollars to invite so many people.
Trust me.
I'm here, everything will work out.
It's not one I don't fight for.
Can only fall into adversity
It will eliminate the source of the gas.
I can also live through this road safely.
Sacrifice him one.
Happy thousands of homes.
Thank you for coming here to solve the Qin problem.
The Qin I speak.
I've prepared a billion checks.
Which master can solve my Qin family's problem today?
I'm going to give you this one billion dollars.
And from now on
This great master is forever the senior soldier of the Qin dynasty.
Hey, today's reward is only partial.
But we've got a lot of people here.
We can't all go up together.
Like that.
How should this award be divided?
It's the old man.
Long Tau Son Tran Thien Ky
Look at the students behind him.
There was a man with a sword.
The Sword Angel is said to have been passed down for more than 400 years.
Very good.
But the term rival
But Jesus came so long.
After all, it's just in front of you.
Because it's not allowed to have online celebrities.
If you are a monk with a lot of porridge
Then it's up to your gut to decide who today's reward should belong to.
Today's Path will be a leading bird.
Accept your challenge again.
Which friend won?
Street Binh
Then I'll vote immediately.
If no one wins me
If this merit is won, it will be accepted.